well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
a public service announcement this video
is a public service announcement that
that's really what it is
short version dr. fauci wants you and a
ragtag group of 9999 other people to
volunteer
everybody wants to pitch in everybody
wants to get back to normal everybody
wants to get out of the house this can
help get us there
at the same time there going to be some
people with some trust issues on this
what they're gonna be some people
reluctant to go through with this and
that's okay
I definitely understand that point of
view but if you are interested in doing
it you have to be 18 you can live
anywhere in the United States you have
to be currently healthy can't be showing
any symptoms at all and you can't have
tested positive for it in the past now
if you volunteer and they accept you
they will do a teleconference patient
exam type thing with you and then after
that they'll take your blood and analyze
it they're looking for antibodies so the
idea of the study is to track the spread
among people who didn't know they had it
so what they're doing is looking for
these antibodies that are developed in
your blood to fight this thing off so
they're trying to get a clear picture of
where it's been you're helping them look
back in time this will help them with
their mitigation efforts right now
that's the phase we're in after this
phase we can go to a more strategic
containment phase you know where it's
not entire states it's little pieces at
a time
puts us on the road to get there now if
you want to volunteer you need to send
an email to clinical studies unit at NIH
gov that is clinical studies unit at NIH
gov I will put that email in the
description again I understand not
everybody is going to be thrilled at the
prospect of given the feds their blood I
will say I've sent an email I'm willing
to do it but I mean I've already got my
DNA on record so whatever knowing how
far it has spread among people who
didn't have severe symptoms is really
important we may find out that we're
further along in this than we thought we
may find out that we've got a lot
further to go but this information is
going to be critical for them to get a
clear picture and right now with testing
the way it is they're getting they're
getting a very incomplete image of
what's happening it's very ad hoc this
will help this this will help move us
along now again I wouldn't want to put
any pressure on anybody to do this if
you don't feel comfortable with it don't
send an email but it is something that
some people would be willing to do and
it's something that can can really help
so if you're up to it send the email one
more time clinical studies unit at NIH
gov just send an email saying you're
interested in the study they'll send you
more information anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good day